Shader: A shader is basically a program that runs on the GPU.

Shaders allow us to program the GPU by allowing the programmers to tell the GPU what to do.
We need to be able to program the GPU because we want to be able to tell the GPU "How" to draw a certain Graphic such as
a Triangle (stuff like where do the vertex positions go, what color should the triangle be, how should it be drawn etc).
The GPU does not know how to do this all by itself.
We need to tell the GPU what to do with the data that we send to the GPU in the form of vertex buffer.

Two most prominent shaders in the Graphics Rendering Pipeline:
1. Vertex Shader
2. Fragment Shader (also called Pixel Shader)

Vertex Shader is a programmable shader, which is a small piece of code that runs on the Graphics Processing Unit (GPU)
and performs calculations on input data.

A vertex shader gets called for each and every vertex that we are trying to render once.
Basically, a vertex shader is called once per vertex.

The primary purpose of a vertex shader is to tell openGL, "where" exactly we want the vertex to be rendered on the 
screen space or window.

A vertex shader takes one or more vertices as input and outputs transformed vertices with updated attributes.

A vertex is a point in 3D space that has various attributes like position, color, texture coordinates, normal vector etc.

A vertex shader can modify any of these attributes as well as create new ones.

Fragment Shader gets called once for all the pixels that are needed to be rasterized on the screen.
Basically, a Fragment(or Pixel) shader is called once per pixel that needs to be rasterized on the window.

Rasterization basically means getting drawn on the screen.
The window is basically made up of pixels (kind of a pixel array).
The vertices that we have specified, that make up our triangle, need to be filled in with pixels. This is what Rasterization
does.
The Pixel shader gets called once for each pixel in our Triangle that needs to get filled in.

The primary purpose of the Fragment(or Pixel) shader is to determine the color of each pixel that needs to be rasterized
on the screen.
